Whether your prospects are across town or the world, we’ll connect with all of them and make them feel like they’re there with you. Our virtual event platform has multiple interactive areas that have been uniquely developed to connect and engage with your audience. Your attendees can walk in and out of rooms just like an in-person event and enjoy the content and connections you’ve created for them. The result? High attendance, low bounce rate, and happy visitors! Your audience can video chat in groups or one on one.

<a href="https://emeraldcolour.com/" >Virtual Event Agency in London</a> not only help planners expand their audience and promote inclusion, but it can also be an effective way to increase revenue and track key data about your audience. Each solution is developed exclusively for you, and we also have the expertise to help you with all of your online and offline event marketing.

Turn your broadcast into a real event with ticket entry, engaging content, and interactive features your audience won’t want to miss. Setting up an online summit is now more than a possibility: we can create a custom schedule from scratch in no time. Hold a workshop and then separate them into groups. Come back together for another session, followed by one-on-one meetings to ensure a deeper understanding. Manage your training program through the EC platform, with many exciting features to make it an immersive experience. We can create a virtual event for you that has an interactive vendor booth floor with customizable elements. Virtual events not only help planners expand their audience and promote inclusion, but they can also be an effective way to increase revenue and track key data about your audience.

Each solution is developed exclusively for you, and we also have the expertise to help you with all of your online and offline event marketing. Whether your prospects are across town or the world, we’ll connect with all of them and make them feel like they’re there with you. Our virtual event platform has multiple interactive areas that have been uniquely developed to connect and engage with your audience. Your attendees can walk in and out of rooms just like an in-person event and enjoy the content and connections you’ve created for them. The result? High attendance, low bounce rate, and happy visitors! Your audience can video chat in groups or one on one.

It’s up to them. Reach them wherever they are in the world, with our unique solutions. Easily connect people through one-on-one online video conferencing. Our platform is designed to host your conferences, we can not only create a stage, but also online meeting rooms, so you can present and do business at the same time. Host a physical event and stream it to the EC platform with all of our interactive segments for your online audience, so they can be there without me.

Turn your broadcast into a real event with ticket entry, engaging content, and interactive features your audience won’t want to miss. Setting up an online summit is now more than a possibility: we can create a custom schedule from scratch in no time. Hold a workshop and then separate them into groups. Come back together for another session, followed by one-on-one meetings to ensure a deeper understanding. Manage your training program through the EC platform, with many exciting features to make it an immersive experience. We can create a virtual event for you that has an interactive vendor booth floor with customizable elements.
